Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to build the category section over here.
Okay, now, instead of this test, we can get rid of this and use a column widget in order to have
access to a lot of widgets.
And now we can then use the children.
Okay.
And the first chart of the column is going to be a test widget, which is going to say select.
Main category.
I'm just going to use a small lighter.
Or you can just go with a big litter.
And over here, we need a comma.
Okay.
Use control and save and go check it out.
You can see select main category.
And now we are going to use this which you've not seen before.
It is known as dropdown.
Drop down.
Both in OC, you can see the dropdown button basically has two properties.
That is the items and the change.
The items is basically referring to how many drop down item we want.
So instead of this, we can use a list of here.
Is a list and we can just break this to the next line and also break this to the next line.
And over here we can then say drop.
Drop down.
Dropdown menu item and you can see it has a property known as child, which is referring to the main
category name.
And for this it's going to be a test widget.
And we can then call this man.
It also has a property known as value, which is referring to the selected item.
And also we are going to call this man.
Okay.
And now what we can do is we can copy this.
And --.
It's maybe two more times.
Okay.
How did you come up with how to train a comer and how to turn a coma?
And we're going to change this to say women and for the value, it's going to be women and over year.
This is going to say shoes and.
She's okay.
And now you can see it also has the drop down button.
Hospital has a property known as On Change, which is a callback.
And I think you see something similar to this within the purchases we are going to pass in something
known as value, which is basically referring to the selected item and it is a function now use control
and has to save.
Okay.
And go check this out.
Look, you can see to it now click on this.
You can see we have the we have Siri drop down item.
We have the men, the women and the shoes.
Okay.
Now, what we also want to do is when we click on men, we want to be able to display it over here,
not to do this.
The drop down button has a property known as value.
And for this, what we can do is we can create a variable.
Over a year.
I'm just going to create this here.
And we are basically expecting a test.
So it's going to be a type of string and we're going to call this variable main category, main car
t go ri okay.
It's going to be equal to a default value of main.
Please note the default value must be within this.
High tech mobile rights must be within this item must be be the value one of these values.
Okay.
And now we are saying the default value is going to be this man over there.
And men.
And the fire we need is semicolon.
Now click on this and for the value we're going to pass in the main category.
Okay.
Main category.
Use control and has to save now.
And you're going to see men over there.
You can see the default value is men.
And now what we want to do is when we click on women, we want to be able to set a switch from this
man to that women not to do that.
Remember, the drop down button has a property known as own change.
Right.
So what we have to do is we need to update the UI, right?
Because we are basically changing the default value, which is men to another thing that is the selected
item.
To do that, we have to set state.
Said State.
And now we can say men category.
There's going to be the value by the value is basically referring to whatsoever the user is going to
select okay and now is basically asking us to specify the type of data we are expecting.
Most of the time you do not really need to specify the type of data you are expecting, but in this
case it's also specify the type of data we are expecting and you can see why this is a test.
So over here we can specify the type of value.
We can say it is a type of string.
And over here we could also say it can be no.
And over here, we need this check over here.
Okay.
Now we start this.
What is thing?
Or three.
Or.
We stepped in and now it's going to hold.
We start this screen or where we start and click on this.
Click on man.
And I can choose two women.
You can see women gets displayed over here.
And lastly, what we can also do.
You can see we can't see that test anymore.
Right.
And in order to solve this error, we can just have an if statement over.
Over.
Yeah.
So what we could do for now, we are going to call this off a light first and use concurrency to copy
to your clipboard.
And we are going to have a check.
The check is going to be there so we can say if image list dot is not empty.
If it is not empty.
While we need to check if it is not empty, then we want to do this.
Right.
Else if it is empty.
Then we want to return.
We turn.
What a center with that.
Okay.
We want to return this.
Copy.
Click on this.
We can just use the centre widget jets first and as you know, the center with JET as a property known
as child.
And we can then piece this.
Hopefully no errors.
I think we have to get rid of one and use this most of the time.
You just have to hover in this to see what you're missing and you can see expected to find that.
So we have to have this.
Okay.
It's comprehensive now.
Look, you can see the difference since we have not picked any image, it's going to say you have not
picked any images yet.
And now we can click on this to see peak images.
Right.
And I think that is.
Or.
Okay.
You can see we have this images and click on it.
It's going to delete it.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.